Implemented multiproject shortcuts (#549)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: kover-gradle-plugin/docs/migrations/migration-to-0.8.0.md

    ```
   write
    ```kotlin
    kover {
        reports {
            total {
                // content
            } 
        }
    }
    ```
3. For Android Projects or Kotlin Multiplatform with Android target:
   If you use merging of Android build variants, you need to create a custom variant, configure it, and then you can generate reports for this variant.

   Instead of
    ```kotlin
    koverReport {
        defaults {
            mergeWith(/*dependent project*/)
            // reports settings
        }
    }
    ```
   write
    ```kotlin
    kover {
        currentProject {
            createVariant("custom") {
                addWithDependencies(/*dependent project*/)
            }
        }
        reports {
            variant("custom") {
                // reports settings
            }
        }
    }
    ```
   See details in [corresponding section](#custom-reports-variants).
4. Delete all `filters` blocks from the settings of a specific report (XML, HTML, verify, log, etc.), e.g.
    ```kotlin
    koverReport {
        defaults {
            html {
                filters {
                    // filters
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

>     move the filters to commons for all variants settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    move the filters to common block for all variants settings
```

    extensions.configure<KoverProjectExtension>("kover") {
      reports {
          // content
      }
    }
    ```
2. Move the default reports settings to the total report settings.
   Instead of
    ```kotlin
    koverReport {
        defaults {
            // content
        }
    }
    ```
   write
    ```kotlin
    kover {
        reports {
            total {
                // content
            } 
        }
    }
    ```
3. For Android Projects or Kotlin Multiplatform with Android target:
   If you use merging of Android build variants, you need to create a custom variant, configure it, and then you can generate reports for this variant.

   Instead of
    ```kotlin
    koverReport {
        defaults {
            mergeWith(/*dependent project*/)
            // reports settings
        }
    }
    ```
   write
    ```kotlin
    kover {
        currentProject {
            createVariant("custom") {
                addWithDependencies(/*dependent project*/)
            }
        }
        reports {
            variant("custom") {
                // reports settings
            }
        }
    }
    ```
   See details in [corresponding section](#custom-reports-variants).

> 4. filters !

Author: Shame on me!
